docs: Updated the changelog for 5.3. (#3010)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/changelog.rst

* ``CREATE STREAM`` and ``CREATE TABLE`` will now allow you to create the topic if it is missing.
  To do this, specify the ``PARTITIONS`` and optionally ``REPLICAS`` in the ``WITH`` clause.

> * ``CREATE STREAM AS SELECT ...`` and ``CREATE TABLE AS SELECT ...`` statements will use the source

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``CREATE STREAM AS SELECT ...`` and ``CREATE TABLE AS SELECT ...`` statements now use the source
```

> topic partitions and replica counts for the sink topic if the config properties are not set in ``WITH`` clause.

Reviewer 2: Continuing the next line of the bullet item without the necessary leading whitespace will break the bullet list.

If you look at the rendered file (e.g. https://github.com/confluentinc/ksql/blob/9764f2e4e9f113e7f66c5ca8026672da1dc1f285/docs/changelog.rst), you will notice that this problem exists multiple times in the file.

Author: Ahhh, good point! Thanks @miguno , fixed it :)

>   topic partitions and replica counts for the sink topic if the config properties are not set in ``WITH`` clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  topic partitions and replica counts for the sink topic if the config properties are not set in the ``WITH`` clause.
```

>   In case of JOIN, the left hand side topic will be used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In case of JOIN, the left hand side topic is used.
```

> This deprecates ``ksql.sink.partitions`` and ``ksql.sink.replicas`` config properties.

Reviewer 3: Should we also add this to the upgrade notes?

Author: Yes, thanks for reminding :) Updated that one too!

* A new config variable, ``ksql.internal.topic.replicas``, was introduced to set the replica count for

> the internal topics created by KSQL Server. The internal topics include command topic or config topic.

Reviewer 2: Bullet list is broken because the necessary leading whitespace is missing.

>   the internal topics created by KSQL Server. The internal topics include command topic or config topic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the internal topics created by KSQL Server. The internal topics include the command topic and the config topic.
```

* A new KSQL testing tool was added. The tool is a command line utility that enables testing KSQL statements

> without requiring any infrastructure, like Apache Kafka and KSQL clusters.

Reviewer 2: Bullet list is broken because the necessary leading whitespace is missing.
